Privacy Policy
Introduction
Our privacy policy will help you understand what information we collect at RigelApps, how RigelApps uses it, and what choices you have. RigelApps built the gym Tracker app as a free app. This SERVICE is provided by RigelApps at no cost and is intended for use as is. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

Information Collection and Use
Our product Gym Tracker, doesn't collect any user data. Everything the user interacts with inside the app will remain inside his device. Thus no data is shared between the end user and our company. 

Cookies
Our service doesn't make use of cookies since there is no data collected.

Location Information
Our service doesn't collect any information about the user's device location and is fully available without any information about the device's location.

Device Information
Our service doesn't collect any device information: informations such as device model, name and build number aren't collected by our service as the user device type, number and other informations regarding the user's device aren't needed to fully use our product.

Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Since the app has no online features and doesn't share any data with a remote database, all of the user's data is stored securely inside their own devices. Thus it is the end user's prerogative to securely store this data. 

Children’s Privacy
This Services do not address anyone under the age of 13 as per Google Play store policies

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Contact Information:
Email: [tommaso.miliani05@gmail.com]
